Preprocessing (#19)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/Dataset.tex

\section{Dataset}\label{sec:dataset}
Nordjyske is a Danish news agency that maintains multiple newspapers, radios, and other news sources throughout north Jutland, a region in Denmark.
They store their news articles in a non-public database, where each article contains multiple metadata fields which describe some aspect of the data e.g. the author.
The dataset we use ranges from 2017 to 2019 and contains $248,385$ articles.

> Some basic preprocessing is done to the dataset, to make it more applicable for topic models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We perform some basic preprocessing to make the data more applicable for topic models.
```

> Firstly, because this dataset includes articles from multiple cities and regions, there appear duplicates in the dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, because the dataset includes articles from multiple cities and regions, duplicates do occur in the dataset.
```

These duplicates are removed, so only unique articles are kept.

> After this, we filter out words that appear in less than 10 articles and words that appear more than 10$\%$ of articles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, we filter out words that appear in less than 10 articles and words that appear in more than 10$\%$ of articles.
```

> This is done both to only keep words that are used enough to find patterns in topics and to remove words that are similar to stop words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done to keep words that are used enough to find patterns in topics and to remove words that are similar to stop words.
```

> Finally, after words are filtered out, the documents that end up empty are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, after the words are filtered out, the empty documents are removed.
```
